Why isn't Zhu Zhu here?
He messaged me half an hour ago.
Said he was washing up.
Then he should be here soon.
But knowing him...
If he says he's washing up...
He definitely just opened his eyes.
Well, half an hour is enough for him...
To wash up and get ready.
Can't rule out that after opening his eyes...
He might have fallen back asleep.
If you ask me...
Let's not bring him next time we go out.
Sounds good to me.
Ruined the game on the first day.
Affected work on the second day.
Are you still holding a grudge
Because he killed you yesterday?
Not really.
It's just...
Let me tell you guys...
All the evidence clearly proved...
That I wasn't the spy.
But he acted like he had rabies...
Bit onto me and wouldn't let go.
And in the end?
He was the spy himself.
Gossiping behind my back, huh?
Is this the quality...
A contemporary college student should have?
The big spy is up!
Let me tell you guys.
The biggest plot hole in yesterday's script was...
How could I possibly be a spy?
I'm such an upright person.
Upright.
Such a kind personality.
Kind.
How could I...
Morning, kids.
Morning, Auntie Cai.
What are you chatting about so early?
Something about rabies and spies.
Auntie Cai.
We were talking about...
The Murder Mystery Game we played last night.
Murder Mystery Game.
Murder.
Murder who?
Nobody gets murdered.
Murder Mystery Game is just...
A game.
I've played it.
Young people love it.
Boss Li is quite trendy.
You bet.
Although I've played this game...
I personally don't think it's very interesting.
It's just a group of people sitting around a table.
Then "Night falls, please close your eyes."
"Day breaks, please open your eyes."
Then just kill.
Then just...
Um...
That's not exactly trendy.
That "Night falls, please close your eyes"...
That's called Werewolf.
It's been out of style for ages.
Anyway, they're both the same.
Just killing each other.
Not interesting.
This Werewolf and Murder Mystery Game...
There is still a big difference.
Of course...
Laymen who haven't played wouldn't understand.
You tell me,
someone who lost three chess games in a row,
standing here spouting nonsense.
Don't you find that ridiculous?
Transfer me that fifteen yuan first,
then you can spout nonsense.
Let me ask you,
winning or losing at chess...
what's that got to do with me spouting...
What?
What does it have to do with me expressing an opinion?
But you haven't played either of these.
What right do you have to express an opinion?
I disdain
playing such childish tricks.
I save my time for more meaningful things.
So what are these more meaningful things?
Losing three games of chess in a row?
You two,
bickering first thing in the morning?
About this Murder Mystery Game,
I heard about it from my students.
It's a bit like acting.
Everyone gets a role,
then you analyze the character based on the script.
There's also a host.
Right.
Like a director,
leading the players to advance the plot step by step.
Am I right?
Right.
Acting? Well,
I'd actually like to try that if there's a chance.
Might actually be interesting.
Then I'll try it with Teacher Liu.
I'll try too.
Your brain will get confused.
Go back and study your chess manuals first.
I heard this game is more fun with more people.
That's easy.
Count me in.
Then I'll go mobilize Old Liang,
Rudy,
and the grandparents.
Right.
Let's not rush.
The Murder Mystery Game place we went to, Fusheng Yimeng,
is quite far from our community.
And with so many of us asking for leave to go out,
I don't know if Director Chang will approve it.
Isn't that the truth.
That is quite troublesome.
I believe,
as long as the will holds strong,
difficulties always outnumber solutions...
No, wait.
Solutions outnumber difficulties.
Can't we just invite this Fusheng Yimeng
to come here?
Come to our community to...
kill?
I think that works.
In order to enrich
the leisure lives of all our elders,
this time,
we have specially invited Fusheng Yimeng...
We have specially invited Fusheng Yimeng...
What?
Murder Mystery Game...
Murder Mystery Game Club's...
Gold Medal DJ.
Good!
It's DM.
DM is the host.
A DJ is a sound mixer.
The DM, the host,
has come to our community in person
to bring all you elders a
spectacular
what?
Murder Mystery Game.
Um,
thank you.
Thanks to Director Chang for the invitation.
As our shop's gold medal script...
Wait a minute.
Play later.
Wait.
As our shop's gold medal Murder Mystery Game...
uh, host,
bar none.
It's also my first time doing door-to-door service.
I hope to give all you elders
a profound gaming experience.
Before we start,
I need to explain a few things.
As the host,
it's not just about hosting.
He also needs to introduce the story background,
guide the flow of the game,
and distribute some
props,
act as referee,
and guide new players.
Don't worry, child.
Even though I didn't understand what you said,
however,
us grandpas and grandmas
will definitely cooperate with you.
We'll do whatever you say, right?
Okay.
Thank you.
So, Director Chang,
could you take them
downstairs to rest a bit?
I'll guide them through the game.
We can't stay?
Stay?
Right.
Because Murder Mystery Game
is a very private game.
Okay.
Have fun, everyone.
Call us if you need anything.
See you at dinner.
Have a good time, Auntie.
Look at all these words.
How long will it take to read all this?
I've gotten dizzy seeing words since I was little.
I have no problem reading.
But no one reminded me to wear reading glasses.
Why don't you try mine?
Wait, your prescriptions don't match.
I mean, you're nearsighted.
Why are you wearing reading glasses?
I... well...
Uncles and Aunties, don't rush.
Let's...
take a look now at...
the characters in this game.
Your own characters.
Wait.
I have a question.
Ask.
Why on earth...
do I have to play a poor scholar?
This doesn't match my personality...
or my professional status at all.
It's like this, Uncle.
In this game of ours...
the roles are assigned randomly.
If you're not satisfied with the role...
you can discuss with other players...
and swap.
It's allowed. You can swap.
We can swap.
My identity is a pawnshop owner.
How about we swap?
Sure.
Let's just swap.
That's more like it.
Look at your shabby appearance.
You're more suited to play a rich local boss.
No, wait.
Mine isn't quite right either.
Go ahead.
With my image and temperament...
how can I play a waiter?
A waiter fits you. I need to swap too.
How can I play a woman from a Pleasure House?
I am usually such a...
virtuous and quiet woman.
No, we are acting here.
Right.
Whatever character you play...
has nothing to do with your actual personality.
Right.
Can someone tell me...
what this "constable"...
is supposed to be?
Does it mean...
I run very fast?
That is just an ancient...
policeman who catches people.
How do I explain this to you...
Next...
please introduce yourselves one by one.
I'll go first.
I am...
a poor scholar.
I passed through here three days ago.
I'm staying at the inn.
I met the Pleasure House Top Courtesan once.
No grudges, no hatred.
I definitely have no reason to kill her.
My turn.
I am the Pleasure House Brothel Servant.
Still a poor man inside the game.
As for me...
I have a crush on the Top Courtesan.
But...
I know my place.
Being able to steal a glance at her...
is enough to satisfy me.
So I can't be the killer.
Me.
Pawnshop owner.
Rich and powerful.
I am the Top Courtesan's Patron.
I've been wanting to redeem her.
How could I possibly kill her?
Let me state my position first.
Regarding this murderer...
I think...
we must investigate thoroughly.
Makes sense.
I am the Pleasure House Top Courtesan.
As soon as I start,
I get killed.
I got killed as soon as I started.
But if I'm killed,
how can I play the rest if I'm dead?
No, please don't rush, don't rush.
I can't play this anymore.
Please put this on first.
Put it on properly.
No, I... I can't play anymore.
It works like this.
This process of ours,
is basically all memories
of what happened before you were killed.
Right.
So the participation level is still very high.
Then I understand, this is just...
a flashback.
Right, a flashback, is it?
Flashback.
That's alright then.
My turn, right?
Yes.
As the Magistrate,
this official believes
the biggest suspect in this case
is either Old Fan or Old Li.
Silence!
The case is obvious.
The two of them,
one of them,
Right.
Top Courtesan Liu,
had a secret crush that went nowhere,
turning love into hate,
leading to a ruthless murder.
As the saying goes,
if I can't have her,
no one else can either.
Sir,
we are currently in the self-introduction phase.
It doesn't require deduction,
nor does it require debate.
That's right.
You simply...
don't understand
what kind of person I actually am.
Then what kind of person are you?
On the surface,
I am a scholar taking the exams.
Actually, I have a side job
as a fortune teller.
Just the day before
the Top Courtesan was killed,
she came to me for a reading.
And,
she told me a lot.
An important secret
What secret?
The script says
I can't tell you right now
Then you're still a suspect
I agree
He doesn't look like any good
How could I be a suspect?
Look
This official sees all
And is strictly impartial
Seeing you hem and haw
You must be hiding something
I protest
We scholars
Keep our word
Since I promised secrecy
I must do as I say
How can you based on this
To list me as
A suspect?
What kind of scholar?
You said yourself you're a fortune teller
Fortune tellers are "The lowest of the low"
Just like those selling fake medicine
And miracle pills on the street
We live together, I know you
This is a character in the game
Can you stop the personal attacks?
Besides
Teacher Liu
Is a woman of the Pleasure House
Liu
Teacher Liu must have been forced by gangs
Into prostitution against her will
Or paying off debts
Or selling herself to bury her father
Look at what you're saying
Would our Sister Liu do that?
No
That's the character
Not me, I'm not
But they're making it sound confusing
You know?
No, come on
Everyone
Everyone, calm down
Let me explain
We are currently in
The self-introduction phase
Not the deduction phase yet
Nor the case analysis
That's right
I haven't spoken yet
I am
Run Fast
Leader
It's Mr. Liang
It's the County Big Uncle
What Big Uncle?
Why not Second Uncle?
That character is pronounced "Tai"
There's a dot under the "Big" character
Taiye
What does that mean?
It means
Is he bigger than a Big Uncle?
No
That is an official title
It's like a County Magistrate
Right
Understood
Before the Top Courtesan was killed
I was at the County Big Uncle's
Taiye
Desk
I saw a... Shu-zi
What?
What? A rat?
A mouse, right?
Let me see
You can't look at other people's scripts
That is a bracelet
Bracelet
What comb?
Bracelet, understand?
No
You mean
A bracelet placed on top of a bracelet?
I mean
He means that your
A table was placed on the bracelet
No
Yes
A comb was placed on the table
I'm confused too
Enough
Stop playing
Why stop us from playing all of a sudden?
I am the Magistrate
My subordinate is incompetent
So I fired him, what of it?
Stripped of his rank to become a commoner
That was my intention too
You guys play
I'll just
Retire after a job well done
I'm really not playing anymore
Everyone
Wait
Rudy just said
There's a comb on the Magistrate's table
No, a bracelet
Whose bracelet?
It says here it's the Top Courtesan's bracelet
Then you are a suspect too
It's very likely because you coveted Teacher Liu
No, I mean
The Top Courtesan's beauty
And fearing exposure afterwards
You killed her to silence her and prevent future trouble
Listen to him
That's actually possible
He admitted it
Is that it?
Case solved, game over
Don't, I haven't played yet
Don't end it
Don't you still have that flashback?
Right
Come on
Uncles and Aunties
I was wrong
I was wrong, okay?
This time I came, I
I was indeed too optimistic
I underestimated everyone's
Sixty years of skill
No, what do you mean?
Are you mocking
That we don't know how to play?
Why wouldn't we know?
Clearly our IQ is too high
We solved the case in advance
The script is too childish
Not enough for us to analyze. Right
It's just illogical
Right
I didn't even get to play
You didn't even get your flashback
What is wrong with you?
I know everything you're saying
When I came
I was fully mentally prepared
Yes
I thought taking the elderly to play a script
Would just be a bit more trouble
But I didn't expect it to be catastrophic
Calm down
I think
It's because we chose the wrong script
I thought since they are elderly
I'd choose an old-style script for them
According to you, we should have chosen a modern one
Stronger immersion
At least we wouldn't have a Magistrate
Judging a muddled case
And admitting he's the murderer at the end
Exactly
Fine
I admit defeat today
Tomorrow
Tomorrow I'll definitely win it back
Just you wait
He's furious
Definitely left a psychological scar
I'm confident this time.
It'll definitely work.
I studied all the scripts all night.
And this script right here...
whether in terms of content,
theme, player count,
difficulty level,
or any other aspect,
is perfect for these seniors.
Plus, yesterday I specifically
for that foreign gentleman,
prepared an English script.
Too bad he didn't come today.
Good work, brother.
Time to redeem ourselves.
Alright, esteemed elders...
No, seniors.
Now let's take turns doing
self-introductions.
Before we introduce ourselves,
I must emphasize something.
During the introductions:
no communicating,
no debating,
and no dialogue.
Is that clear?
We must strictly follow the rules.
Just like yesterday.
Right.
Okay.
So let's start with...
I'll go first.
Sure.
First point.
This script today
is much better than yesterday's.
In my personal opinion,
this script is very true to life.
It's grounded and realistic.
Compared to yesterday's...
what was that garbage?
We're doing introductions, sir.
Look, aren't I just
acknowledging your hard work?
Yes.
Don't get cocky just because you did well.
Right.
Now, allow me to introduce
my own... Okay.
I am a retired factory director.
A large state-owned factory.
I'm also the head of this household.
You could say this home
was built by me, brick by brick.
From abject poverty 40 years ago,
with nothing to my name,
to a four-bedroom home, three generations under one roof.
It's all due to my lifetime of hard work.
Did the host write this script last night
based on Grandpa Li?
Seems like it.
I am also this family's
one and only absolute authority.
My understanding is...
Next person.
You're cutting me off?
So it's my turn, right?
As for me,
I'm married to Old Li.
And I'm the mother of the children in this family.
This script is good.
The character setup...
...is great.
It's required by the plot.
Let me continue.
In this family,
the eldest son...
...is a thorn in my side.
Because he's not my biological son.
He is Old Li's...
...son with his ex-wife.
Now,
we're at the critical moment of the demolition split.
So naturally, I don't want...
...to give him more of the family assets.
Right?
Me?
I'm the eldest son of this family.
Why do I have to be the son?
Plot requirement.
Fine, I'm the son.
I am the son.
Here's my situation.
My mom passed away early.
My dad remarried within two years.
Ever since then,
I've been resentful and held a grudge against them.
But I was young back then.
I couldn't do anything.
I could only endure it for the time being.
Grow up and gain skills.
Waiting for the day the time is right...
...to avenge my...
...wrongfully dead...
...biological mother in the netherworld...
...and take my revenge.
Let me interject.
Your biological mother died of illness.
There was no injustice.
It wasn't the two of them...
...conspiring to poison her.
"Dalang, it's time for your medicine."
That's just what you think.
Is it my turn?
Yes.
I am the daughter of this family.
Young and beautiful.
And I'm biological.
I'm lively and cheerful.
Loved by everyone.
But I have troubles too.
That is the unreliable husband I married.
I want to divorce him,
but I don't dare say it.
I'm afraid he'll get angry and abuse me.
I am this husband.
Just my rotten luck.
I am a live-in son-in-law.
My family was poor when I was young.
I dropped out before finishing elementary school.
To survive,
I've done all kinds of jobs.
I've suffered all kinds of hardships.
Couldn't even get enough to eat.
But I love the arts.
Relying on a few decadent tunes...
...I won over the factory director's daughter.
Who?
It's me.
The reason I became a live-in son-in-law...
...was to enjoy a comfortable life.
Who would have thought...
...all these years, this old man...
...has guarded against me like a thief.
I must get a huge sum...
...from this demolition compensation.
I also plan to...
...while he's not looking... Okay.
Okay.
Self-introductions are over, okay?
If it's over, it's over.
What are you getting excited for?
Success doesn't come easily.
Plot introduction.
Okay.
Next, everyone listen to me carefully.
One day,
a major event happened in this family.
The eldest son went missing.
The property deed also disappeared.
Okay.
Now,
characters other than the eldest son...
...start reasoning and debating.
Start.
About this matter
I have the most say
Take my family for example
Your family?
Yeah, my real family
Something just like this happened
It was exactly the same
That year
My old house
Rumor had it
It was going to be demolished, whoa
The family exploded immediately
That good-for-nothing son of mine
He has no backbone
By that vixen wife of his
Who confused him with her pillow talk
He came running over to me eagerly
Asking me to transfer the house
To his wife's name
Could I agree to that?
No way
My foot!
Grandma
Can we please
Stop talking about things unrelated to the plot
And unrelated to the characters
Exactly
Besides, your family matter
Has nothing to do with the plot
That's right
My family's situation
Is exactly the same as this plot
Just that day
When the staff came to inspect the house
We couldn't find our property deed anywhere
I sharply realized
It must be that wretched wife of mine
No, wait
Wretched ex-wife
Bai Jingjing's mom
Who stole it
Grandpa
Can we discuss the plot?
The plot
What are you all talking about?
You shouldn't think the worst of people
Right? Come on
Take my family for instance
We also lost a property deed once
In the beginning
My daughter and son-in-law
Suspected everyone
In the end
Wasn't it found in the gap of the wardrobe
After all?
So I say
You can't always think the worst of things
If you put it that way
I cannot agree with your view
The Eldest Son cannot speak right now
You are the Eldest Son
I am not some "Eldest Son" right now
I am myself, okay?
Um
Old Li
You are typically pampered
You're used to it
You don't understand the suffering of the people
When I was young
It was when our unit was allocating housing
You have no idea what my colleagues
Just to get a housing quota
What dirty tricks wouldn't they use
So-called intellectuals and scholars
Why has this turned into a grievance session again?
No, it seems
This overly realistic theme
Is also a hassle
Just the choice of this script
I feel is not quite appropriate
I think this script is quite appropriate
It's close to real life
Look at us common folks
We all have something to say about it
No, look at someone like you
Brother, don't go
Okay.
Bye.
Captain Yusheng.
What's wrong?
Boss Li and Professor Fan
aren't in their rooms.
Are you sure?
Could they be asleep and didn't hear?
I knocked so loud Grandma Jin next door came out.
I find it strange, too.
We can't find
Teacher Liu and Auntie Cai anywhere.
Guess what?
We can't find Grandpa Liang anywhere.
How did you know?
The seniors are all missing.
Why are you all here?
Didn't you go with the elders?
Go where?
They all asked for leave to go to
that place...
Fusheng Yimeng
to play a Murder Mystery Game.
Darn it.
Fusheng Yimeng is done for.